README.md, before:

# sublime-scala-syntax

Improved syntax for Scala in Sublime

## I - Installation

This plugin is available on [package control](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Scala%20Syntax).
It's recommended you get it from there.  
If you know what you're doing you can also clone the repository in your Packages/User folder.  

Then you can change a given file using the command `set syntax: Scala2`, or through the menu: `View > Syntax > Scala2`.  
If you like it you can set it as default for .scala files with `View > Syntax > Open all with current extension as ... > Scala2`.  

The new syntax will improve the way your scala code is colored. But to get the best out of it I recommend using the modified version of the Espresso Libre color theme I made. If you don't like Espresso, the diff between the old version and the new one should help you to port your favorite color theme.

## II - Features

Build 3084 of Sublime introduced a new format for syntax definition files.  
The documentation can be found [here](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/syntax.html).

I took this is as a great opportunity to improve the scala syntax highligthing in Sublime.  
For instance I improved syntax highlighting for:

* string interpolations (like `s"Foo: $foo"`)
* complex method names (like `abc_*^=`)
* annotations (like `@tailrec`)
* escaped characters (like `'\u2101'`)
* xml inside scala code

As I always found my scala files really savorless compared to my python files, I added a bit of color on operators, types and predef methods (`println`, `assert`, ...).  

Also, I put very precise scopes on punctuation allowing the punctuation to be nicely colored. For instance curly braces aren't the same if they mark a class or a function.  

The symbols list also have been revisited, to display the full signature of methods.  

Here is a comparaison between the original Sublime text highlighting and mine:
### Default Scala syntax:
![alt text][before]

[before]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gwenzek/scala-sublime-syntax/master/before.png "Screenshot with default syntax and Espresso Libre"

### This Scala syntax:
![alt text][after]

[after]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gwenzek/scala-sublime-syntax/master/after.png "Screenshot with Scala2 syntax and Espresso2 (from this package)"

## III - Disclaimer

Scala is a complex language with a rich syntax, so I haven't covered all the language yet and I may have introduced regressions.  
If your code is poorly colored please open an issue with a sample.

Commit message:

Update Readme.md with version required

README.md, after:

# sublime-scala-syntax

Improved syntax for Scala in Sublime

## I - Installation

This plugin is available on [package control](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Scala%20Syntax).
It's recommended you get it from there.  
If you know what you're doing you can also clone the repository in your Packages/User folder.  
If you don't see this plugin in package control is likely because you have a too old version.
The plugin will only be visible with a build >= 3084.

Then you can change a given file using the command `set syntax: Scala2`, or through the menu: `View > Syntax > Scala2`.  
If you like it you can set it as default for .scala files with `View > Syntax > Open all with current extension as ... > Scala2`.  

The new syntax will improve the way your scala code is colored. But to get the best out of it I recommend using the modified version of the Espresso Libre color theme I made. If you don't like Espresso, the diff between the old version and the new one should help you to port your favorite color theme.

## II - Features

Build 3084 of Sublime introduced a new format for syntax definition files.  
The documentation can be found [here](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/syntax.html).

I took this is as a great opportunity to improve the scala syntax highligthing in Sublime.  
For instance I improved syntax highlighting for:

* string interpolations (like `s"Foo: $foo"`)
* complex method names (like `abc_*^=`)
* annotations (like `@tailrec`)
* escaped characters (like `'\u2101'`)
* xml inside scala code

As I always found my scala files really savorless compared to my python files, I added a bit of color on operators, types and predef methods (`println`, `assert`, ...).  

Also, I put very precise scopes on punctuation allowing the punctuation to be nicely colored. For instance curly braces aren't the same if they mark a class or a function.  

The symbols list also have been revisited, to display the full signature of methods.  

Here is a comparaison between the original Sublime text highlighting and mine:
### Default Scala syntax:
![alt text][before]

[before]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gwenzek/scala-sublime-syntax/master/before.png "Screenshot with default syntax and Espresso Libre"

### This Scala syntax:
![alt text][after]

[after]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gwenzek/scala-sublime-syntax/master/after.png "Screenshot with Scala2 syntax and Espresso2 (from this package)"

## III - Disclaimer

Scala is a complex language with a rich syntax, so I haven't covered all the language yet and I may have introduced regressions.  
If your code is poorly colored please open an issue with a sample.
